---
date: 01st November 2018
attendees:
  - Diane Dowling (DD)
  - David Massey (DM)
  - Jimmy Thompson (JT)
---

## Discussed

 1. We still haven't received anything from bank. This means that Diane (as Treasurer) is still unable to access the bank account. 
 2. Diane has sent last year's financial records to accountant (for annual accounts to be prepared). 
 3. Diane has still not received a budget from core team for 2019 competition. They have asked for money to purchase wire for Kickstart, which we have approved. We discussed allocating a provisional amount of money (to the Core Team) but decided that we should wait to recieve a budget proposal. Meanwhile the Trustees voted to delegate repsonsibility to approve ad hoc requests from Core Team to Diane.
 4. Rob Gilton (was Spanton) has been in touch and his surname has now been changed to Gilton (as requested) in the Members' Register. Jimmy will also make sure that the various SR email accounts (e.g. purchasing) that divert to his email address, are reallocated.
 5. David has been working on annual report and fundraising pack. Jimmy will provide some statistics on year on year growth.
 6. Email from Newbury about competition - Diane will send reply. 
 7. Email from UKSEF about mutual recognision. Jimmy will reply with information they need.
 8. Discussed need to target under-represented groups to attract sponsors. We need more data about who takes part and about the impact the competition has (e.g. on progression). 
 9. Diane has received email from Graeme Hobbs, past Chairman of Motorola. We agreed that it would be great to have him as Patron if he agrees and Diane will invite him to KickStart event at Southampton. If he is unable to make this, she will meet with him separately.
 10. We discussed the safeguarding policy and have agreed to remove the contentious paragraph and instead to refer to a volunteer code of conduct. We will ask all vounteers to sign up to this for the current competition cycle.
 
 

## Actions

 * Speak to Rich about banking - Diane
 * Contact Alistair (Core Team) about interim payment arrangements - Diane
 * Reply to Graeme Hobbs - Diane
 * Finalise annual report - David
 * Put stats into fundraising pack - David
 * Respond to UKSEF - Jimmy
 * Update Members' Register - Jimmy
 * Sort out email diversions - Jimmy
 * Respond to Ola - Diane
 * Draft volunteer code of contact - Diane
 * Update safeguarding statement in ops manual - Diane

## Next Meeting

20:30 - Thursday 8th October