---
date: 13th September 2018
attendees:
  - Diane Dowling (DD)
  - David Massey (DM)
  - Rich Barlow (RB)
  - Jimmy Thompson (JT)
---

## Discussed

 - Bank account signatories. Making progress. Rich now has form that has already been signed by Rob. Rest of us will sign when we meet.

 - Finance. Diane has made application for free charity licence of Sage. Rich has supplied CSV file with data.

 - Core team (Alistair) has contacted us to report that they would anticipate a deficit of Â£17,000 if they try to run a competition at Newbury on the same scale as 2017. We agreed it was important that the competition was run within budget and that we would recommend a smaller competition at Southampton. We were concerned that this would continue to make the organisation seem very Southampton-centric, but that the importance of running a competition (and within budget) should take precedence over our wider geographical aspirations. There is still some uncertainty about the number of teams that have expressed interest. However, it looks like it is just over 30 (which is within capacity of Southampton).

 - Fundraising. David had suggested that we produce a fundraising promotion pack so that we present a consistent message to would be sponsors. Jimmy has some experience with this so will put together a draft for us to consider next week. Core Team could also use this to approach sponsors. We agreed that if Core Team members did want to approach sponsors directly, that this should be run by us first (to ensure that companies fit our chartable objectives and any commitments we have given to other sponsors). Andrew Barret-Sprot has applied to add us to Google good causes list and Diane has completed the application form.

 - Competition. We were a bit concerned that no formal communication about a competition had gone out to schools yet and that sixth forms would be finalising their enrichment activities. Diane observed that the A level examination window had expanded (due to linear A levels) and a competition after the end of April would be tricky for sixth forms. Easter is late next year, so a potential competition date of 22/23 April looks optimal. This will be communicated to Core Team. 

## Actions

 - Produce draft fundraising pack - Jimmy
 - Contact Core Team about dates/outreach to teams - Jimmy
 - Talk to Alistair about Finance/Budget - Di

## Next Meeting

20:30 - Thursday 20 September
