---
date: 25th September 2018
attendees:
  - Diane Dowling (DD)
  - David Massey (DM)
  - Rich Barlow (RB)
  - Jimmy Thompson (JT)
---

## Discussed

 1. All signed bank mandate. Rich will post to bank. This will make all of us signatories and Rob. Next step will be to remove Rob (and to ensure that any “old” signatories have definitely be removed). 
 2. We went through main IT systems used by organisation and made sure that all trustees could sign in and had appropriate permissions. 
 3. Agreed to pilot use of LastPass for password management (where a shared password was necessary) and to also use it to hold key secure data (such as combination lock for Greenham Storage). A shared password is used for:
    * Browserstack.com (web site testing)
    * Charity commission
    * UK PostBox
    * NameCheap
    * Entatech.com – usb hubs and other kit
    * YouTube
    * HMRC (not sure why we have this)
 4. GitHub. Organisation repository is https://github.com/srobo
 5. Mailchimp. Four main features: campaigns, templates, lists and reports. There are three lists of potential teams. These urgently needs to be merged and cleaned up. Jimmy will do this and then remove any teams that are clearly unlikely to attend an event to a separate ‘holding’ mailing list. 
 6. Charity Commission. Lots of information on website which could be viewed by anyone who is interested in supporting us. Some of it needs to be updated.
 7. UK Postbox. We pay them to have a postal address so that we can receive mail. They scan each envelope and notify us by email. We can also log in and look at the scanned envelopes. We can ask them to open mail/scan it/shred it. They store all mail (seemingly indefinitely). We need to change the main contact to someone other than Rob (it looks like this needs to be done via a manual process as the website does not offer the ability to change it).
 8. BitBucket. There is still some stuff on there. Rich will move the last few bits over (to Github) and will then delete anything that is no longer needed to avoid confusion.
 9. Container. In field near Newbury (Greenham Common). There is 24hr access, but special arrangements for ‘out of hours’. Keyholders are Rich and one Core Team nominee. There is also combination code for main gate (this is also held by Rich and Core Team nominee). The contract is still in Rob’s name (so needs to be changed).
 10. Linode. Hosts IDE, Forums, User management, etc. Peter Law (Core Team) is the person with the most knowledge about this. Ideally this should be moved onto Google Cloud so that we only have one service point. This will make managing fine grained permissions easier and simplify billing.
 11. Google Cloud. Hosts web site. Jimmy runs the command to ultimately update the live site (from files on Github).
 12. Benevity. Di has set this up so that we can receive Google employee donations. Need to work out how we can all access. 
 13. Budget. Currently uses YAML files within a git repo hosted on GitHub. This is an area that needs some attention and needs to be aligned to financial year (August – July)

## Actions

 * Get signed paperwork to HSBC - Rich
 * Migrate BitBucket contents to GitHub - Rich
 * Set up LastPass shared folder - Rich
 * Migrate accounts to Sage - Diane
 * Look at how budget can be managed - Diane
 * Merge MailChimp lists - Jimmy
 * Review Jimmy’s draft fundraising pack (emailed 20/9/18) - All

## Next Meeting

20:30 - Thursday 27th September
