---
date: 30th August 2018
attendees:
  - Diane Dowling (DD)
  - David Massey (DM)
  - Rich Barlow (RB)
---

## Discussed

- Ops Manual v4 needs to be agreed by Diane (agreed after meeting)

- Bank account signatories need to be changed. Diane and David to be added before Rob is removed (in case there are any changeover issues)
- Domain registration contact details have been updated (Rob is no longer contact)
- Core Team seems to be making good progress. Rich is handing over a key to container tonight so that they have access to SR kit. We would expect to receive (monthly) progress report soon.
- International Teams. Clarified that there was no reason (other than cost) why the German (or other international teams) couldn’t enter annual competition.
- Fundraising. Need to check with core team whether they are going to follow up on their contacts from last year’s SourceBots competition (or should Trustees do this).

## Actions

- Complete form for bank (change of signatories) - RB
- Arrange date for Trustees meeting in September – DD (to circulate some dates)
- Read emails and git hub documents from over summer to get up to date before next meeting – all
- Ask Andy about fundraising - RB

## Next Meeting

19:30 - Thursday 6 September
