---
date: 04th October 2018
attendees:
  - Diane Dowling (DD)
  - David Massey (DM)
  - Rich Barlow (RB)
  - Jimmy Thompson (JT)
---

## Discussed

 1. Rich has sent signed mandate to bank. 
 2. Sage are not able to offer a free licence except as an add on to an (expensive) paid product. Having evaluated the free alternatives, Diane decided that Wave would 'do the job' so has migrated all transactions from Ledger and reconciled all accounts. Diane has given access to Wave to other trustees and to Alistair (Core Team Treasurer). Trustees looked at the basic functionality of the product. Diane explained that she would further categorise the competition expenses to make analysis more meaningful.
 3. Diane confirmed that we should not agree a budget of more than 20K for 2019 competition and that further funding streams would be needed to run a larger compeition in 2020. Diane has asked Alistair for their budget for 2019 competition.
 4. Diane will contact accountant about doing end of year accounts. 
 5. Diane will look at how to develop a budgeting system for use going forward (this is not offered within Wave).
 6. Rich has set up a shared folder using LastPass (for password management and to hold key secure data). Diane confirmed that she could access the shared folder and that the functionality looked great. However, sharing is restricted to one other user. Rich has investigated the option of a team account (designed for business use) but we decided that we could instead use the family features (designed for smaller groups). This will cost $48 p.a. and provides exactly what we need.
 7. Diane attended the Core Team meeting on 26 September. There was concern about the safeguarding policy being over-restrictive and Diane undertook to review it. 
 8. We discussed fundraising. Rich has drafted some bullet points to be covered and Jimmy has given us permissions to edit the pack. David will draft some text for an email we could use to send to prospective sponsors.
 9. Photos of previous competitions are on a Flikr account. Permissions should be sought from owner(s) befor use. 
 10. No progress on merging mail lists but Jimmy hoped that this would be done by Core Team as and when they received responses to competition announcement.
 11. We had some concerns that some Core Team communications/actions were being held because they had not been committed or had no owner. Jimmy to discuss with Core Team. 
 12. We briefly discussed SR constitution. Articles are in BitBucket repository.  
 

## Actions

 * Develop proposals for budgeting - Diane
 * Contact accountants - Diane
 * Set up LastPass family account - Rich
 * Discuss responsibilities with Core Team - Jimmy 
 * Draft email to potential sponsors - David 
 * Review Jimmyâ€™s draft fundraising pack - All

## Next Meeting

20:30 - Thursday 12th October